migration guide improvement re: `<script type="module">` (#648)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/migrate.md

This includes a few changes to be aware of:

> - **BREAKING:** `<script hoist type="module">` is the new default `<script>` behavior. The `hoist` and `type="module"` attributes have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `<script hoist>` is the new default `<script>` behavior. The `hoist` attribute has been removed. To use the new default behaviour, make sure there are no other attributes on the `<script>` tag. For example remove `type="module"` if you were using it before.
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer this one over the suggestion from Fuzzy because of how the default is removed from the script.

From the WIP version of `debugging.md`:
> If you have included the [`is:inline` directive](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#isinline) or any other attribute in your tag, this default behavior is removed.

> - **BREAKING:** `<script hoist type="module">` is the new default `<script>` behavior. The `hoist` and `type="module"` attributes have been removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `<script hoist>` and `<script type="module">` is the new default `<script>` behavior. Both `hoist` and `type="module"` attributes have been removed. 
You can still use `type="module"` however this would be treated as `<script is:inline>`
```
